I feel fairly confident about HTMLs so far until a few days ago. The first week I felt very confident, however when I missed due to illness, I feel as though I fell behind. Setting up the format and inputting texts/ checking if theyre working is going very well. What feels challenging is now the new programs and creating new folders and such. 
So far with Git and GitHub, it is pretty straightforward but a little complicating. I haven't done much work with it yet however I feel as though it will be easy to understand once going over it with you. 
I approached solving problems by doing a google search or looking at your instructions more clearly. This hasn't changed much since week 1 however week 1 was much simpler.
I am not sure about the transition from makign web pages to developing professionally with semantic HTML as I was not here for this conversation, but it sounds enticing and like a project I will find interesting. 
This week has been more tough since being under the weather, I am hoping I will be able to catch up quickly and understand the material I missed. I fully understand everything from week 1 and hope to learn the rest. 
I am excited to learn more about the web design and how it will all look together as far as fonts, styles, etc. I am nervous about using more porgrams as theyre sometimes tricky.
Whats most helpful for me is hands on learning, online resources, and discussing with classmates. I think once I meet with you to go over what I missed it will be easier but I think office hours will be very important for me. 
